README.md, before:

# Thin CMS
![Alt text](/screen-capture.png?raw=true)

A lean, mean, headless CMS built with Angular 2 that will let you manage existing Mongoose data without designing your project around it.

```
var cms = require('thin-cms');

cms.init(
  'my-mongo-domain.com/my-db',
  {
    MongooseModel1.modelName: MongooseModel1.schema,
    MongooseModel2.modelName: MongooseModel2.schema,
    MongooseModel3.modelName: MongooseModel3.schema,
    ...
  }
);
```

# Philosophy
A content management system shouldn't be a monolithic system that you build your app 
within. It should be a lightweight and friendly data management interface that you can easily add to whatever 
kind of application you want to build. It's only used to manage data, so its only concern should be data.

# Features
- Define data models with vanilla Mongoose schemas for simple configuration
- Log in with existing Mongo user accounts for simple permission management
- Optional CMS-specific schema attributes for tailoring user interface, but **vanilla 
Mongoose schemas will always work in the CMS**, and **extended schemas will 
always work in Mongoose**
- Completely independent from application; only requires schemas and database access
- Can be run on the same Node.js process as the application, or on a separate one

# CMS-specific schema property attributes
Example:
```
var Post = new Schema({
  published : { type: Boolean },
  title     : { type: String },
  body      : { type: String, customProp: 'val' },
  url       : { type: String }
});
```

## Optional Attributes for `Number`
### `isMoney`: Boolean
Whether or not this number is considered to be money. Affects appearance
and decimal precision in the Admin UI.

## Optional Attributes for `String`
### `stringType`: String
Value can be `'short'`, `'long'`, or `'rich'`. Defaults to `'short'` when 
no value given. Can be added to properties of type `String` to specify what kind of input 
should appear in the editor. `'short'` yields a single-ling text input, `'long'` yields a 
text area input, and `'rich'` yields a rich text editor. Note that text created by the 
`'rich'` editor type will be styled HTML, and will need to be rendered as such.

# Things I'm working on
- Sort/search in collection views
- Datepicker
- WYSIWYG editor (for rich text fields)
- Security (do NOT use Thin CMS in production outside a VPN right now; passwords are sent in plaintext)
- Site global settings
- Pagination/infinite scroll in collection views
- Client-side visuals for Mongoose validation attributes
- Support for object relationship properties
- Admin UI theming?


# Things that would be neat
- Support for non-Mongo databases

If anyone feels like grabbing a feature off of one of these lists - especially the "neat" list - and developing it and submitting a pull request, I'd officially certify you as a Really Cool Person.

Commit message:

Updated docs to reflect "hidden" attribute option

README.md, after:

# Thin CMS
![Alt text](/screen-capture.png?raw=true)

A lean, mean, headless CMS built with Angular 2 that will let you manage existing Mongoose data without designing your project around it.

```
var cms = require('thin-cms');

cms.init(
  'my-mongo-domain.com/my-db',
  {
    MongooseModel1.modelName: MongooseModel1.schema,
    MongooseModel2.modelName: MongooseModel2.schema,
    MongooseModel3.modelName: MongooseModel3.schema,
    ...
  }
);
```

# Philosophy
A content management system shouldn't be a monolithic system that you build your app
within. It should be a lightweight and friendly data management interface that you can easily add to whatever
kind of application you want to build. It's only used to manage data, so its only concern should be data.

# Features
- Define data models with vanilla Mongoose schemas for simple configuration
- Log in with existing Mongo user accounts for simple permission management
- Optional CMS-specific schema attributes for tailoring user interface, but **vanilla
Mongoose schemas will always work in the CMS**, and **extended schemas will
always work in Mongoose**
- Completely independent from application; only requires schemas and database access
- Can be run on the same Node.js process as the application, or on a separate one

# CMS-specific schema property attributes
Example:
```
var Post = new Schema({
  published : { type: Boolean },
  title     : { type: String },
  body      : { type: String, customProp: 'val' },
  url       : { type: String }
});
```

## Optional Attributes for all types
### `hidden`: Boolean
If set to true, this attribute will be stored and can be retrieved and edited
with code as normal, but will not appear in the CMS user interface. This is
useful for auto-generated attributes, or anything else that's technical or
shouldn't be modified by normal users.

## Optional Attributes for `Number`
### `isMoney`: Boolean
Whether or not this number is considered to be money. Affects appearance
and decimal precision in the Admin UI.

## Optional Attributes for `String`
### `stringType`: String
Value can be `'short'`, `'long'`, or `'rich'`. Defaults to `'short'` when
no value given. Can be added to properties of type `String` to specify what kind of input
should appear in the editor. `'short'` yields a single-ling text input, `'long'` yields a
text area input, and `'rich'` yields a rich text editor. Note that text created by the
`'rich'` editor type will be styled HTML, and will need to be rendered as such.

# Things I'm working on
- Sort/search in collection views
- Datepicker
- WYSIWYG editor (for rich text fields)
- Security (do NOT use Thin CMS in production outside a VPN right now; passwords are sent in plaintext)
- Site global settings
- Pagination/infinite scroll in collection views
- Client-side visuals for Mongoose validation attributes
- Support for object relationship properties
- Admin UI theming?


# Things that would be neat
- Support for non-Mongo databases

If anyone feels like grabbing a feature off of one of these lists - especially the "neat" list - and developing it and submitting a pull request, I'd officially certify you as a Really Cool Person.
